Ben of Ben and Jerry’s has come out with an ice cream inspired by Bernie Sanders. A carton costs $3.99 but when you include tax, it’s $200 million dollars.

In Alabama, a dog completed a half marathon. After being congratulated the dog said, "What the hell are you talking about? I was chasing a car."

Amherst College has decided to get rid of its mascot, Lord Jeff, because Jeffery Amherst famously gave smallpox-infected blankets to Native Americans. Amherst’s new mascot is Chipotle.

People are very upset because in a new movie Michael Jackson is going to be played by a British white man. The producers said, "We didn’t want to cast a white man, but we’d like to get nominated for an Oscar.”"

Chipotle is now being accused of gender discrimination. A spokesperson for Chipotle said, "That’s not true, we serve both E.coli and She.coli."

Last night, Ted Cruz challenged Donald Trump to debate him "mano a mano." In response, Trump said, "See, he’s not from this country."

In New Hampshire, somebody broke into Rand Paul’s campaign headquarters. Police became suspicious when they noticed someone in Rand Paul’s campaign headquarters.

Ben of Ben and Jerry’s is coming out with an ice cream for Bernie Sanders called "Bernie’s Yearning." It’s selling a lot better than Jerry’s ice cream for Hillary, "Pantsuit E-Mail Crunch."

Gisele Bundchen shared a picture of Tom Brady after he lost the NFL playoffs. It was a heartbreaking photograph of a handsome man being consoled by a Brazilian supermodel.

Chase bank ATMs are getting a new feature that will allow customers to withdraw cash without using a card. The feature is called "a crowbar."

An analyst for Time magazine says the key to the survival of the Republican Party is bringing in young women. When told this, Bill Clinton said, "Hey man, that’s the key to every party."

Huge Republican debate tonight, and the big story is Donald Trump refuses to participate. He looked at the other candidates and said "these guys are crazy."

Donald Trump said his war with Fox News is Christian because it’s "an eye for an eye." When told the actual quote from the New Testament is "turn the other cheek," Trump said, "Hey, no gay stuff."

Mike Huckabee has released a campaign video where he parodies Adele’s song "Hello." And just like Adele, we only hear from Mike Huckabee every four years.

A lot of people are upset because in a new movie, Michael Jackson will be played by British white actor Joseph Fiennes. They’re also not thrilled about the new James Brown biopic starring Benedict Cumberbatch.

Today, Leonardo DiCaprio met with Pope Francis. In terms of number of sexual partners, those two are known as "the spectrum"

Iran’s President was greeted by topless protesters in Paris. Sadly, the leader of the protest was Gerard Depardieu.

El Chapo is back in prison and this time he’s not allowed to have any conjugal visits with his wife. He told his lawyer, "Great, now they won’t let me near ANY tunnels."

